# DEPTH CAMERA DEMO FROM PERCIPIO XYZ #

----------

This is a basic reference template for PERCIPIO depth camera application developers.

This software development kit provides the data capture libraries of PERCIPIO depth camera for different OS platform and several reference applications.The applications here show the way to get depth data, 3D point cloud data, color data or IR-grey data from the PERCIPIO's depth camera with PERCIPIO data capture APIs and to render these data in GUI with OpenCV2.4.8 software library. OpenCV library is NOT necessary to pull the depth data or 2D image out of the PERCIPIO depth data.


## sample directory ##

The sample directory includes source code of the reference applications and exe bianry file. Remember to install the Opencv2.4.8 releated packages before running the exe file since the samples use it to render the image.

## lib directory ##

The lib directory includes the data capture libraries needed by linux and Windows.

x64、i686、armv7hf、armv7l_RaspberryPi_3B、aarch64 is supported in linux.

x64 is supported in Windows.

## include directory ##

The include directory includes the headers needed to call the dynamic library functions. TY_API.h introduces a totally new suit of APIs which is recommended for you to inlcude in you projects.

## Doc directory ##

Percipio Camport SDK Documents generated by Doxygen. In this API documentation you will find the description of all the available classes, structs, unions and functions. Learn how to use them with practical example!

## Usage ##

## Compiling the reference Code on ubuntu based platform ##

First, install the Libusb userspace library and Opencv2.4.8 releated packages,

Second, run command "cp -d libtycam.so* /usr/lib/" to copy the libtycam.so and libtycam.so.x.x.x for target platform to /usr/lib directory, and excute ldconfig to creates the necessary links and cache to the shared library.

Then run the following commands to compile in sample directory,

    1、cd sample
    2、mkdir build
    3、cd build
    4、cmake ..
    5、make

Finally, you will find all these executables generated in ./bin directory.

run sudo ./bin/xxxx to show the xyz secret, enjoy it!


## Compiling the reference Code on windows based platform ##

First, install driver in host side which located in lib/win/driver,

Second, copy the tycam.dll for target platform to the directory which in system environment variable.

Then generate .sln, .vcxproj files using cmake tools and copy the tycam.lib for target platform to the build directory.

Finally, open .sln file with visual studio to compile and debug.


Bear in mind that you may want to CROSS COMPILE the libusb and opencv source code first and then cross compile this reference code for your EMBEDDED platform.
=======

Please refer to https://percipiodc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ for more details.

